"I have spent a lot of time reading threads on Prozac. They have all been very helpful during these past few months so I thought I should share my own experiences just in case anyone out there might find it helpful.  I started Prozac 20mg about 2 months ago.  I always knew I had anxiety and mild depression and was always curious about taking anti-depressants. But when my boyfriend and I broke up I literally went to my PsycDoc the very next day. I had done my research on AD&rsquo;s and thought that Prozac would be the best for me. My Doc agreed. I kept a log every single day I took Prozac starting from Day #1 until Day #30.  It took 24 days before I started feeling little random bursts of happiness. But up until day #24 it was pure torture. It hurt to smile, I completely lost my appetite, I could not sleep, I was sad, I experienced soooo much anxiety is was painful. But thanks to reading all these threads I did not give up and was hopeful that things will get better just as everyone said it will. Every day after Day #24 just seemed to have gotten better and better. And on Day #30, it finally hit me and I understood what Prozac is all about. Yes it is true that it is a life saver. If I had to put it in just two words to explain how I feel on Prozac I would have to say &ldquo;Calm&rdquo; and &ldquo;Clear&rdquo;. But I&rsquo;m not finished just yet&hellip; after a few weeks I started feeling like the 20mg wasn&rsquo;t really working. So my Doc increased my dose to 40mg. this time around I almost gave up and went back to 20mg, but thankfully I did not. For 3 weeks of taking 40mg I was soooo tired, fatigue and lethargic. I did not experience this on 20mg. and I was constantly hungry too. So after week #3 I called my Doc so I can make an appointment to go back down to 20mg. he was out of town so I had to wait. When his office called me back to schedule me in, the awful side effects of 40mg were gone and I was back to feeling clear, calm and happy again. So here is my own personal advice from my own journey with Prozac&hellip; I&rsquo;ve been on it for a little over 2 months. You have to get worse before you get better. No matter what you think, YOU WILL GET BETTER. Prozac is literally reprogramming and rewiring your brain and that TAKES TIME. Side note: I&rsquo;m 31 years old and ex-boyfriend and I are back together and happy.  So were all those days of torture worth it? It sure was."