"I have dealt with ups and downs, anxiety, social anxiety, depression etc. etc. for years.  My life overall is normal and I managed the episodes but I always knew they were there and didn&#039;t like feeling that way. I am married we have children combine that with everything else and it times it was just too much. The doctor suggested the Zoloft.  I was nervous at first and really didn&#039;t know what to expect. In fact I waited a month or two to even fill the prescription. The side effects  we&#039;re obvious at first. Dizziness, tired, minor confusion. I don&#039;t want to scare anyone because I still functioned , Still was able to work, I was able to take care of the kids,  everything was pretty much normal but I could tell my mind was a bit off.     
After about a month the side effects faded away from me. After two months my mind became clear and my attitude towards life improved dramatically. Little things didn&#039;t bother me anymore. I started working out and that didn&#039;t bother me anymore. My wife would argue with me about normal marriage stuff but I wouldn&#039;t yell back. In fact I was able to see how foolish most of the fighting was and how pointless it was to yell back. My work life improved. My conversations with other people improved. I found myself more interested in what the person was saying and focusing more on what they were saying.
At a follow up visit with my doctor he asked if I&#039;d like to stay on the medication. I told him that my life has never been better and my mind never more clear so why would I choose to stop. He agreed and was happy with my progress. He initially prescribed 100 mg but I found 50 works well for me at this point. So every night before bed I take my pill and wake up the next morning feeling ready to go instead of wanting to stay in bed. 
For those just starting or thinking about starting this medication I can honestly tell you it has changed my life for the better. Initially it was rough but after a while all that fades and your left feeling really good. For me it took about two months for others it may take longer or shorter.  
I hopes this helps as I read a lot about this medication prior to starting and found a lot of the write ups were negative. I honestly think those people may have other issues or conditions that this medication can&#039;t help or they may have not been able to get through the initial break in period."