"I just started this medicine 3 days ago and I cannot express how much of an effect it has had on me already. I just graduated high school and became depressed soon after, severe anxiety where I couldn&#039;t go out to eat without having to vomit. I also couldn&#039;t keep focus on anything, especially when trying to talk to people, and overall was in the worst state of my life. Thought I was hopefully, constantly having break downs etc. the doctor prescribed this medicine to me a few months before graduation due to anxiety and overall not feeling myself, I was definitely skeptical and taking medicine in my eyes was a sign of weakness so, I put off the treatment hoping I could cure myself out of this funk. I went to ctb and it helped but it was mainly focused on anxiety. I stopped going because it seemed a waste of my time. Graduation rolls around, my best friends leaves for college really early and my life falls apart. A week was about all I could take of the constant emptiness, headaches and nauseous I got from being so depressed so I decided to start lexapro. The doctor prescribed me 10 mg and the first day I took it (in the morning) I was in a state of euphoria. Just a little background on myself, I was never that outgoing but constantly happy. Never the one to be outgoing in front of strangers and was very conscious of people around me. Not on this pill. I was loopy, could not stop laughing and would not shut up. Although this was great, it did not feel normal and I had very bad dizziness and insomnia that night as the drug began to wear off.. But I wasn&#039;t laying in bed miserably like I did countless nights before, I kind of sat there with a smile so it was actually kind of creepy. That morning I called my physician and asked if this was a normal or okay reaction considering I&#039;ve been told you shouldn&#039;t feel anything for 4-6 weeks. He mentioned that it was &quot;weird&quot; that I had this response but it was a negative one. He recommended I cut my dosage in half and stick with taking 5 kg a day since the 10 obviously overtook my body. Within hours of hanging up I popped half a tablet and can honestly say I felt happy without many side effects. I continued this the following day and my relationship with my boyfriend, family, and friends has greatly improved, I sleep better, I can laugh and actually mean it and I can go in public places without constantly being self conscious. I&#039;ve heard it can have bad results in week 1 and 2 but after taking this medicine for only 3 days, whether it&#039;s the placebo effect or not, has saved me and helped me to return to my normal self."