"Maybe my experience can help someone else... I have just completed a 30 day supply of Zoloft. My anxiety has been debilitating since my Multiple Sclerosis diagnosis in October of 2015. It became so bad that I was becoming bed ridden, afraid to leave my home. As a mother of 3 and a wife and daughter, my family needed me and I wasn&#039;t able to be there. I finally told my husband and parents I needed to seek help. After a therapy session and a visit with my family doctor I was given Zoloft. I received it on a Tuesday but was so afraid to take it, I didn&#039;t take my first one until Friday (I had read a few bad drug reviews, so I knew some things I could expect, but chose to focus on all the success stories for motivation.) For three weeks it was rough. Also must note, during this time we were hit with hurricane Matthew which didn&#039;t help and I believe set me back a few days. My side effects were tummy aches, diarrhea (sometimes 4 or 5 times a day), a few hot flashes, a couple days of zombie feeling, and I had 2 bad panic attacks. I know this sounds horrible, however, my opinion is that I felt as though I had hit rock bottom which is why I turned to medication. I already felt bad, so my commitment was to see this medicine through to the 4-6 week mark as instructed. If I had stopped taking it, I still would have felt horrible, that is what my life had become. With the wonderful support of my children and husband, a lot of take out food, and my parents helping to take and pick up my kids from school, I am SOOOOOO thankful I stuck with it and made it to the 4 week mark. I feel like I&#039;m getting my life back. It is worth everything you go through. In full disclosure, some people get no side effects... my 20 year old son has been on Zoloft for a year and never had one side effect. I wasn&#039;t that lucky and seemed to have most. Please give yourself the chance. You will read over and over again to stick with it until 4-6 weeks... you must do yourself that favor. Surround yourself with support if you can and just do it! I&#039;m so blessed to have my life back!!!!!"